Lent Coding Tracker -

Hour 1: Today I spent the first hour going over the last lesson in the css selectors section. I reviewd the solution video to the exercise and corrected the mistakes I had (only 2). Then I continued into the Intermediate CSS section which kicked off with Text and Fonts.

Hour 2: I finished up with font weight and various other manipulations of text and moved into positioning. After the lesson I attempted the tic tac toe challenge solo at first. I was unable to get the horizontal lines to show up at first but when I watched the solution video I was pleased to see I was not far off and only made a mistake by not remembering something I learned earlier in the lessons.


Hour 3: I created the basic image gallery and blog sites. This utilized properites of the box model as well as proper spacing and even some researh of elements previously undiscussed.

Hour 4: Began lessons on bootstrap. Learned about default classes included with bootstrap and how to include a bootstrap framework into your file.

Hour 5: Totally forgot to do today's hour. Going to code for 2 tomorrow to make it up.

Hour 6: Should really start calling these days lol. Did 2 hours today to make up for forgetting yesterday. Made an image gallery with bootstrap utilizing the grid system. Made nav bar changes and linked to font awesome for custom icons.

Hour 7: I had to go into work really early to get shoes so I was unable to code today. 2 hours again tomorrow

Hour 8: 2 hours today. Spent mostly on bootstrap landing page. Now that I am somewhat more comfortable with this I will try to make a page for fun this weekend.

Hour 9: 2 hours on an off day to make up for the fact that I dropped the ball on Friday and Saturday. I spent pretty much the entire session looking through bootstrap 4 components.

Hour 10: Today I started to try and recreate the dhut mtg page I made for the landing page exercise. I spent most of my time trying to get the text inside the navbar to change color only to fail. I will continue tomorrow.

Hour 11: Did 4 hours today to make up for missing earlier this week. I was sick as a dog so I mostly reviewed notes and looked up stuff on w3 and bootstrap docs

Hour 12: 2 for missing yesterday. Focused mainly on flexbox.

Hour 13: will be doing 2 a day to make up for lost hours. Spent the time messing with the grid system inside bootstrap 4. I should be done with it within the next few days and moving on to JS.

Hour 14: 2 hours today. Went thru the pattern project. Spent a good 20 mins at the end trying to find why my cards were touching my jumbotron only to realize I left the "o" off of jumbo. Ah the magic of syntax and spelling.